DOCS-904: WN edits and nav changes for RN too (#350)
hazelcast/management-center-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/whats-new.adoc

{description}

IMPORTANT: Hazelcast Management Center 5.5 requires Java 17 or later.

> // Is this recent change? We don't have in 5.4 WN

Reviewer: It was true for 5.4 as well -- mentioned in the whats new for 5.4 but a bit hidden under "Upgrade Requirements"

Author: Ah, I see it. Probably better as an upfront Important as I've placed it. WDYT?

With enhanced monitoring and an improved console experience, these improvements are designed to elevate your cluster management experience.

NOTE: For new and improved features in Hazelcast Platform 5.5, see xref:{page-latest-supported-hazelcast}@hazelcast:ROOT:whats-new.adoc[What's new in Hazelcast Platform 5.5].

== Lite Member management

Hazelcast supports two kinds of members: 

* **Full Members** for when you need to scale both data storage and computational capabilities across the cluster
* **Lite Members** are useful when you need additional computational power or clients that access data without the overhead of data storage and synchronization

> With Hazelcast Platform 5.5, it's now possible to execute Jet jobs only on the Lite members and therefore scale computational power independently of storage. Hazelcast has always supported promoting a Lite member to a Full member but in this release you can also now demote a Full member to a Lite member. Management Center supports this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Hazelcast Platform 5.5, it's now possible to execute Jet jobs only on the Lite members and therefore scale computational power independently of storage. Hazelcast has always supported promoting a Lite member to a Full member but in this release you can also now demote a Full member to a Lite member. Management Center previously supported upgrading a lite member to full within the Members section of the UI and has been extended to support downgrading a full member to a lite member.
```

Author: ```suggestion
With Hazelcast Platform 5.5, it's now possible to execute Jet jobs only on the Lite members and therefore scale computational power independently of storage. Management Center has always supported promoting a Lite member to a Full member but in this release you can also now demote a Full member to a Lite member. 
```
